---
layout: post
title: Kayako Helpdesk
excerpt: This so called ticketsystem is just bad
tags: [IT, Work]
---

 Just to clarify things: I need a ticketsystem. And if you are an end-user, the ticketsystem Kayako might be something for you. You can do pretty much anything with the Kayako suite. It even has it`s own website for user-written addons. With these you can extend the functionality of this system.

 I've used this system for 2 years (more or less) and as an end-user, I'm pretty satisfied with it. But unfortunatly, I'm also the system administrator and have to manage my own custom installation. And in this regard, there are some frustrating things to address.

  * It lacks the ability to auto-update. And I think this is a big one because each update process it's just a mess. I have also a wordpress instance, which updates itself. It pretty much emails me when it has something and then it does it automatically. But in Kayako, it's pretty much `cp file1 file2` and this for different directories. It's even more frustrating if you have custom code or addons installed.
  * Very serious bugs haven't been fixed in years!! (look in the forum at forums.kayako.com and correct me if i'm wrong, but there are tons of bugs reported and never got addressed in the last updates)
  * The customer support of Kayako is just sad. If you contact them you pretty much get the exact two answers every time. First there is the "This isn't a bug, it's a feature" excuse. Sadly the second one is even more useless: "We address this in the next release". And then you hear nothing more and you're a lucky bastard if in the next release it gets fixed.
  * Documentation for writing your own addons is non-existent or out-dated. 
  * There is no clear roadmap what-so-ever, what happens at the next update. They could say, that they don't support PHP 5.3 anymore and you are informed at the release of the next version. In the past there was at least access to tickets, but nowadays you're pretty fucked up. 

So don't buy this product. There are other products which are cheaper, have less bugs (as far as I heard) and you get the customer support for your system that you should have.


